CLASS DESIGN

The class I implemented was TimeSeries. 
It was implemented for processing time series including year and data, and do mathemetical operations on them. 

Private variables in class: capacity, length, year array, data array, column3, column4. 
I made them private because it will prevent accidental modifications outsiden of the functions. 
The risk of making them public is that everyone would have the access to them from outside of the class. The data might be easily ruined.
A better way would be to write get and set functions for accessing and modifying their values. 

What my class does: it stores valid years and data in two arrays. At the same time, it is able to calculate the mean for all valid data.
Also, it is able to identify if the data is monotonic according to year, 
and calculate the best fit slope and y-intercept if the data includes at least 2 valid data.

Data protection: all data are stored in the class, people need to have access to the class in order to modify the data.

ALTERNATIVES AND JUSTIFICATION

I decided to write all functions inside my class instead of outside my class because it is easier to retrieve data inside the class.
I also considered using vectors to write both arrays, but I rejected it because vectors are not allowed in our lab 1 project.

RUNTIME ANALYSIS

Runtime for the UPDATE command is O(N) in the worst case 
since it needs to loop through both year array and data array to find the correct year and load data in it.
Inside each loop, the operations are: 
Case 1 - Update: if dataValue >= 0, search for that year. 
The loop would run N times in the worst case, and in each loop, it would compare O(1) once, assign value O(1) once.
Thus, in total, it is O(N).
Case 2 - Delete: if dataValue < 0, repeat Case 1, shift all elements to left and it would shift N-1 times in the worst case. 
Each shift would access the element O(1) once, and assign the element O(1) once.
Thus, in total, it is O(N).
After shifting, it needs to resize if needed. Thus, it needs to copy all elements to a new array. It is O(N).
Thus, O(N) + O(N) + O(N) = O(N).
Therefore, in the worst case the runtime for UPDATE is O(N).

Runtime for the MONOTONIC command is O(1) in the best case when length is 0 or 1. 
The function would return immediately since the data is not monotonic (false) when there is no data and it is monotonic (true) when there is only 1 data.
