CLASS DESIGN

The classes I implemented were Treetreed class and Node class inside Treetreed class.

Private variables:
I stored all variables listed following as private variables to prevent accidentally accessing them from outside and to obey Object-Oriented design principles:
A fixed Datasets pointer array containing all countries in the Treetreed class as mentioned in the requirements.
A counter to count the number of countries in the array to get the array size in order for me to easily loop through the array later.
A series code when building the tree since there are other functions requiring series code when doing manipulations.
The Node class inside Treetreed class as a basic component of my tree, it contains:
    1. An array of the collection of pointers of all countries whose means fall within the interval of the node
    2. The Min and Max act as boundaries of the interval of the mean for each node
    3. Pointers to the left and right children
    4. A pointer pointing to the Node object - the root of the tree

Public variables:
There aree no public variables.
All member functions are public variables since I wanted to use them to access and modify the variables in my class.


ALTERNATIVES AND JUSTIFICATION

I decided to use a fixed-size array of 512 to implement my collection of all countries (Datasets objects) because the requirement guaranteed that there will be no more than 512 countries, 
and this data structure will be easy to integrate in the future design when there are hashing requirements.

I decided to separate the child of each node based on the midpoint of the interval of the node rather than the median.
I split the interval at the midpoint (L+R)/2, and the left child takes all countries satisfy the interval [L, midpoint), the right child takes all countries satisfy the interval [midpoint, R].
This will ensure a consistent spatial hierarchy. Then, I am splitting the nodes until a node only has a single country or multiple countries with "identical means" within a 1e-3 range.

RUNTIME ANALYSIS

Runtime for the LIMITS_P3 has a best-case runtime of O(log(NUM_NODES)). If country means are uniformly distributed, splitting the interval at the midpoint will divide the country means into two intervals with equally country numbers.
Thus, the tree will end up as a perfectly balanced binary tree.
Since LIMITS_P3 is looking for the leftmost or rightmost leaf, it needs to traverse down in a single downward path. The number of steps is equal to the height of the tree, which is log(NUM_NODES).
Thus, the total runtime for a best-case of LIMITS_P3 is O(log(NUM_NODES)).

Runtime for the LIMITS_P3 has a worst-case runtime of O(NUM_NODES). If the country means are distributed with a huge outlier, then a node with have a child with clustered means and another child with only one outlier mean.
Thus, the tree will end up as a linked-list.
Since LIMITS_P3 need to traverse through every node of the linked-list to get the min or max, resulting in O(NUM_NODES).